Add Chars concept (#715)
exercism/kotlin: concepts/chars/about.md

~~~~exercism/advanced
[Characters][ref-char] in Kotlin are 16-bit (UTF-16) [`codepoints`][wiki-codepoint], the same as a JVM `char`.
This is enough to express most written alphabets, but not the entire range of emojis.

The full Unicode standard uses up to six bytes (48 bits) per character (called a [`grapheme`][wiki-grapheme]).

Kotlin `Strings` support this full standard by using multiple codepoints per character, when necessary.
For example, 😱 would be `\uD83D` and `\uDE31`.

Unfortunately, Java has no built-in grapheme support, and for compatibility neither does Kotlin.

[wiki-codepoint]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_point
[wiki-grapheme]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grapheme
[ref-char]: https://kotlinlang.org/docs/characters.html
~~~~

Character literals are written in single-quotes, and are distinct from strings written in double quotes.
This is probably obvious to people from the C/C++ world, but potentially confusing to Python and JavaScript programmers.

```kotlin
val a = 'a'
a::class.qualifiedName  // => kotlin.Char
a.code  // => 97

val jha = 'झ'  // Devanagari alphabet
jha.code  // => 2333

val heart = '❤'  // heart emoji
heart.code  // => 10084

> Char.MAX_VALUE.code  // => 65535 (64k, the largest code point allowed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Char.MAX_VALUE.code // => 65535 (64k, the largest code point allowed)

val not_char = 'abc' // => Too many characters in a character literal.
```

```

> Converting between `Char` and `Int` is simple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converting between `Char` and `Int` is straightforward:
```

```kotlin

> a.code  // => 97  (a.toInt() is deprecated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a.code  // => 97
```

Deprecated thus will be removed at some point and then this concept becomes outdated ;)

Char(97) // => 'a'
```

The compiler allows _some_ forms of integer arithmetic on `Char`s:

```kotlin

> 'a' + 5       // => 'f'
> 'c' - 'a'   // => 2
> 'c' + 'a'   // => error!
> 
> 'f' + ('A' - 'a')  // => 'F' (same as 'f'.uppercase()
> 
> 'f'.dec() // => 'e' (decrement)
> 'f'.inc() // => 'g' (increment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'a' + 5     // => 'f'
'c' - 'a'   // => 2
'c' + 'a'   // => error!

'f' + ('A' - 'a')  // => 'F' (same as 'f'.uppercase()

'f'.dec() // => 'e' (decrement)
'f'.inc() // => 'g' (increment)
```

I am not a fan of the uppercase line. Yes, it's the same as `'f'.uppercase()`, as `'A' - 'a'` should yield `-32`, and that's ASCII, but `uppercase` is locale-aware and thus much smarter than that.

```

## Some functions for `Char`

As always, there are far too [many functions][ref-char-lib] to discuss here, so this is just a selection.

- For appropriate alphabets, change case with [`uppercase()`][ref-uppercase] and [`lowercase()`][ref-lowercase].
- Test case with [`isUpperCase()`][ref-isuppercase] and [`isLowerCase()`][ref-islowercase].

> - Test character type with:
>     - [`isLetter()`][ref-isletter], covers many alphabets
>     - [`isDigit()`][ref-isdigit], in range 0..9
>     - `isLetterOrDigit()`, combines the previous two
>     - [`isWhitespace()`][ref-iswhitespace], any whitespace character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test character type with:
  - [`isLetter()`][ref-isletter], covers many alphabets (the Lu, Ll, Lt, Lm, and Lo categories in unicode)
  - [`isDigit()`][ref-isdigit], in range 0..9 (the Nd category in unicode)
  - `isLetterOrDigit()`, combines the previous two
  - [`isWhitespace()`][ref-iswhitespace], any whitespace character (the Cc, Zp, Zl, and Zs categories in unicode)
```

I think this is the correct markdown format. 

For about.md only, I think we can explain how it's implemented by specifying the unicode categories (that's how these functions work!)

```kotlin
'झ'.isLetter()      // => true
'A'.isLowerCase()   // => false
'4'.isDigit()       // => true
'\t'.isWhitespace() // => true  (tab character)
```

Also, [regular expressions][ref-regex] (which will be the subject of a later Concept) allow powerful search and manipulation.

## Char List and String interconversions

> For String to Char List, we can use `toList()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert from a `String` to a `List` of `Char`s, we can use `toList()`.
```

> For Char List to String, there is the [`joinToString()`][ref-jointostring] function, which takes a separator (often the empty string) as argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert a `List` of `Char`s to a `String`, there is the [`joinToString()`][ref-jointostring] function, which takes a separator (often the empty string) as argument.
```

```kotlin
val kt = "kotlin".toList()  // => [k, o, t, l, i, n]
kt.joinToString("")   // => "kotlin"
kt.joinToString("_")  // => "k_o_t_l_i_n"
```

> Note that `joinToString()` operates on a List or Array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `joinToString()` operates on a List or Array.
```

What was the reason for this sentence?
